tina nigella lawson's here i know in
lockdown
your your daughters have become sort of
gourmet chefs
yes they've prepared some dinners for us
my husband's a good cook but he got a
break from them a couple times we did
some theme dinners
um since we're all about to lock down
again i i recommend these
uh they did um we did one we did like a
victorian night dinner
we did uh a mexican
fiesta and we did the best one though
was they did an airline dinner for us
set up all the chairs
it was a dream actually because they
said all the chairs like fit
one behind the other no one facing
anyone else
like warmed nuts on a tray and um
and and they didn't children don't
understand how much wine is too much
wine
it's a poor i'm an adult
built to surface tension you sent some
pictures of this evening
i mean they really went all out everyone
had a window seat
yeah everyone's got a window seat right
we put a picture of an airplane window
on the tv
they made stewardesses costumes for
themselves oh let's see the stewardess
costumes
[Applause]
and then is this is this the same
evening where they put the reading
materials
in the background magazines they shove
magazines
we put headphones on like a plane and we
ate in in
silence and it was the best night we had
in
seven weeks i think everyone's going to
be doing this
it's the way forward it's the way
forward
[Music]
[Applause]